Typically journeys begin with a goal to achieve whether the adventurer is aware of this fact at the start or not. Personally, I did not know that I was on a journey so to speak. In fact I thought today would be a day that was within the norm, to wake up, pretend to be a member of the so called society, and as others would say, "go through the motions". Little did I know, today was not a typical day. 
	Today was an abnormal day, for it marked the beginning of our journey. This journey through its various "ups and downs" was a brief one in that it had a well-defined goal to achieve. This goal, while it may not be considered trivial by most, consisted of masterfully crafting a piece of art. This goal required to create a program of the highest caliber, a python script that could parse, or identify a link between these two magical documents known as "html pages". By using the power of these magical documents, the program would then wield this unruly power and tame it to reveal the location of a said image. 
	In order to accomplish this journey that would complete the arc that came to be known to readers as "Lab 13", I set out to find the proper equipment as nothing can derail a journey like being ill-prepared. The equipment that would be needed for the said journey consists of a method of gaining these powerful documents, a task best suited to a piece of equipment known as none other than "requests", a descendant of the urllib family. Even with the power granted by this magical piece of equipment that could gather the said documents, it alone would not be enough! To assist the "requests" I needed a way to tame these chaotic documents for my purposes. As hunger set upon me, I found the inspiration I needed, a soup. Due to this growing hunger, this soup appeared to me as rather beautiful. This "Beautiful Soup", was the key that I would need to accomplish this difficult task at hand. 
	Upon properly assembling the appropriate equipment, the task seemed accomplishable! The next steps were planning as any worthwhile journey requires. The planning for this was accomplished with the methodology inspired by another family of equipement known as "Java" and it's crazy concept known as function chaining. By wielding this new found inspiration, it became possible to merge the strengths of the "requests" and "Beautiful Soup" tools and with this fusion, accomplish the journey's task at hand. This unholy merger aloud for the strength to defeat the task and display the reference to the image that was before known as a hidden secret that was layers beneath the surface of the all-mighty documents. With this new found power, all of these documents are easy to conquer now and bend to my will to accomplish nearly anything!
